and
and good morning good evening, I'm told my
morning it's Julian benjamin and well
today friends have breasts
little hits on saturday 22
because it announced the end of the world
for the 197th oven and we are still
man and breast finally brief
today we will talk to you
he makes new previous offers
and will continue this matter of the holidays of
end of the year the points of view the pros
end
and many friends to start point
view of a mother of a holiday
medical point of view this one mounir
made abundantly
so I made squash and small
breads the gt1 it was shaving
and secondly the weight seen from
next and this one
third your point of view during the
vacation
super six
and of course Christmas means gifts
which we attend and we do not really
of the kind
Oh
no
finally
jean gaubert o
but what is an iphone 4s ma
me not
thank you he is really extra and robien
more frankly thank you that's
the one I wanted
and also in the new year it's the kind of
family reunions that you have before tf1
waiting for the countdown of the alley of the
like that 5
I wanted it
because in
well friends this podcast is already
finished I hope this last podcast
2012 will have pleased you
my friends by talking past the bar of
2000 200 buses on our channel we will have had
40 subscribers on our youtube channel
over 170 m on our facebook page
you are more and more numerous to
to follow us is the best way
chloe do to thank us
I also hope you will pass
pleasant end-of-year holidays in
family I hope this is the time
unforgettable for you wish a very
very happy new year and full of good
things and we tell you the year
next for next few breakages
take good care of you friends at
soon to may friends if a billion of
canam star group views
like that